When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Remote repositories allow other users to collaborate with you.
    Remote repositories also provide a form of backup for important code.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Every time you pull changes, you may have to merge. If the merge
    requires manual action, then it could delay the work you are doing
    locally. 

    Also, when I am working on a significant local change, I often
    don't want to update from the master/remote very often. If
    something breaks, then I don't know if I caused the problem or
    something I picked up from the remote caused the problem.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Branches operate on a single repository and allow different
    changes to be made from a common parent. Branches can be pushed to
    cloned repositories, but cloning or forking a repository is
    different from making a branch.

    Clones are a copy of a repository. They can exist on a server or
    on the local computer. Changes are not automatically synced
    between the clone and its origin until you push them.

    Forks are a special type of clone that happen only on the GitHub
    server. They allow you to make a copy of a repository when you
    don't have permission to make changes to it.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    The primary benefit is to allow you to make changes locally when
    not online. The local copy has all the information needed for git
    to determine what has changed while offline.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
